README.md, before:

# Virtual CERSE Meeting

## Content
* [Purpose](#purpose)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Outputs from group discussion activities](#outputs-from-group-discussion-activities)
* [Schedule](#schedule)


## Purpose

The primary goal of the Community of Edinburgh Research Software Engineers (CERSE) is to invite active and interested Research Software Engineers (RSEs) to bootstrap and participate in a local community of practice.

## Venue, Date, Time

3pm, Wednesday 26th April 2023.

## Code of Conduct

We expect all attendees at this meeting to abide by the [Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html). In summary, we encourage the following behaviour:

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

Please see the link above for the full Code.

If someone violates the Code of Conduct during the event we ask that you report it to one of the organisers Felicity Anderson or Mario Antonioletti. All reports will be reviewed by the organisers and kept confidential.  

## Schedule

This is a provisional timetable. 

|Time  | Activity      |
|------| ------|
|15:00 | Welcome - **Felicity Anderson** |                                 
|15:10 | **Smart Data Foundry**,  Mike Spencer (Smart Data Foundry) |
|15:20 | **Digital Research Facilitation at UoE**, Eleni Kotoula, Digital Research Services |
|15:30 | **An Introduction to the RSE movement (and why you want to join!)**,Kirsty Pringle, SSI/EPCC |
|16:00 | Close |

In order to get the meeting details please [register](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/cerse-2604-virtual-meeting-tickets-619053584937). If you would like to know about previous CERSE activities go to this [page](https://cerse.github.io/).

Commit message:

Added Peter to the programme.

README.md, after:

# Virtual CERSE Meeting

## Content
* [Purpose](#purpose)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Outputs from group discussion activities](#outputs-from-group-discussion-activities)
* [Schedule](#schedule)


## Purpose

The primary goal of the Community of Edinburgh Research Software Engineers (CERSE) is to invite active and interested Research Software Engineers (RSEs) to bootstrap and participate in a local community of practice.

## Venue, Date, Time

3pm, Wednesday 26th April 2023.

## Code of Conduct

We expect all attendees at this meeting to abide by the [Carpentries Code of Conduct](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/policies/code-of-conduct.html). In summary, we encourage the following behaviour:

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

Please see the link above for the full Code.

If someone violates the Code of Conduct during the event we ask that you report it to one of the organisers Felicity Anderson or Mario Antonioletti. All reports will be reviewed by the organisers and kept confidential.  

## Schedule

This is a provisional timetable. 

|Time  | Activity      |
|------| ------|
|15:00 | Welcome - **Felicity Anderson** |                                 
|15:10 | **Smart Data Foundry**,  Mike Spencer (Smart Data Foundry) |
|15:22 | **Digital Research Facilitation at UoE**, Eleni Kotoula, Digital Research Services |
|15:34 | **An Introduction to the RSE movement (and why you want to join!)**,Kirsty Pringle, SSI/EPCC |
|15:46 | **Cloud Platforms for Energy Research**. Peter McCallum, Institute for Energy Systems, University of Edinburgh |
|16:00 | Close |

In order to get the meeting details please [register](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/cerse-2604-virtual-meeting-tickets-619053584937). If you would like to know about previous CERSE activities go to this [page](https://cerse.github.io/).
